I. Concept

    Make a zorkish game written with Ruby

II. Plan

    A. What's the story?
    B. What kind of map is appropriate?
    C. Draw the map
    D. What kind of features are in this game?
    E. What methods / objects / variables do we need to make those features work?
    F. Write the rooms
    G. Write the methods
    H. Test the game
    I. Show it to someone!

III. The story 
    
    You have found a book or wallet or something belonging to someone. The address is written inside but the last digit
    is smudged. You just got off a bus at approximately the correct location but if you really want to return the book
    you'll need to go door to door to find them. Hopefully you can do it before you get so impatient you just leave!

IV. The map

    I want a long street with a number of houses. The player has most of the address already so it would need to occur
    on just one block. Moving up a block wouldn't make sense because it wouldn't match the address. So let's say a
    single block with five houses on either side. That's ten rooms just making up the street (both sides). Not every
    house will have rooms inside, but every house will have a room dedicated to its front door. It seems unlikely 
    that the player would really be able to enter every house and I'm not quite to the level of this being so very 
    open world as breaking and entering. Nor do I have the desire write it up. 

    So let's assume a few houses just no one is home. That's an extra 10 rooms to account for doors. 20 rooms so far.

    One home a lady will offer to let the player come in for tea and she will shuttle the player into the kitchen.
    This house should also have a bathroom and a living room (where the exit is). 23 rooms.

    Another home a Quest Man will tell the player that he will let them know which house he is looking for if he goes
    across the street and feeds a cat for him. There are no rooms in this home. 23 rooms still.

    Let's just say 3 empty, no one answers at the player's knocking, homes. 23 rooms still, and five home accounted for.

    Then there is the target home. No one answers at this home either, but the player can acquire a key to the house.
    This will happen after a sequence of events: feed cat > man tells you to go to a home > you go to someone else's
    home > they tell you to speak to the old woman and say "Lacey" sent you > old woman lights up and gets a key for
    the player and sends them to the correct house. There is no one at the house but it will contain three rooms:
    A living room, a bedroom, and a study / library. 26 rooms.

    There is Lacey's home, but she doesn't let you in.

    There is a grumpy old man who yells at you for knocking on his door.

    There's a cat house. This house has a living room, a bedroom, and a kitchen. This is probably where most of the
    inventory of the game matters. You collect a can of cat food from a closet, a can opener from the kitchen.
    You put the cat food into the bowl. 29 rooms.

    Finally there's a stoner house. Some stoner answers when the player knocks on the door and invites them in. If they go
    in there is a large drain on their patience because the stoner keeps looking for something and never finding it.
    If they try to leave the stoner asks them to wait just a moment but if they ask about the book the stoner gets
    confused and starts over. Each tick drains on patience. Probably the most likely way someone will 'lose'. 30 rooms.

V. Draw the map:

    Layout:

    [LC(28)] |(26-27)| [MT(29)]
    [!!(18-21)] |(16-17)| [KT(22-25)]
    [MT(14)] |(12-13)| [QM(15)]
    [MJ(9-10)] |(7-8)| [(11)OM]
    [OW(2-5)] |(0-1)| [(6)MT]

VI. Features

    Player will have an inventory.
    There will be a patience meter, which ends the game if a certain point is reached.
    Otherwise, in terms of features, this will be relatively straightforward.

VII. What methods / objects / variables will be necessary?

    Methods:
        Something to manipulate patience levels
        Something to announce a drop in tier of patience on the players part
        A 'Help' command the displays commands and what they do
        A 'Quit' method to exit the game gracefully
        'Use' item method
        'Ask about' method to trigger conversation about key objects
        'Move' to go in a direction
        'Open' to open specific key items (like the closet)
        'Examine' to examine a specific item
        'Look' to look at the room around them again 

    Variables:
        Player location
        Patience
    
    Objects:
        An array of rooms
        An array of items in players inventory
